my name is Jordan Belfort the year I
turned 26
I made forty nine million dollars which
really pissed me off because it was
three shy of a million a week making a
name for ourselves if the stock is gonna
go up down sideways or in circles
you know guys you guys know okay Z it's
a fake it's a y'see it's a woodsy fairy
dust was all this legal absolutely not
we were making more money going in what
to do yeah my money taking boobs
yeah any kind of booze you might want
off the Bureau forbids us to drink
I would have been like that
how does this actually work is a big
money sign they get launched at the tide
they stick this is their gift okay
they're built to be thrown like a lawn
dart stop thank you for safety safety is
first I don't want to get a bad
reputation